We want to build an automatic Code Review Platform!
We'll start with a simple POC, that will show the full E2E flow - requesting a scan, analyzing the code, and fetching the results.

The system is comprised of 2 parts:
      • The Code-Reviewer: given a source code file (python), it runs a set of pre-defined singular checks (each defined using a prompt) against the code and identifies to which rules the code adheres to and to which it doesn't.
      • The Platform: gets a scan request from the user (containing the code file) via API, scans it (using the Code-Reviewer), and makes its output accessible for fetching via a dedicated API. 

Rules to be checked:
      1) All variables have meaningful names
      2)  docstring of function reflects the actual code’s logic

Requirements:
      1) Rules might be added overtime and total analysis time might exceed connection limitations, therefore scan requesting and results fetching must be separated (asynchronous).
      2) Scan results should show users the list of all checked rules, and for each whether it is adhered to or not (TRUE/FALSE)
      3) System should support up to 5 parallel scans. For POC, scan requests received while no available capacity can be ignored with error reflected to user (so they can try again).
      4) Results should be stored in a local database
      5) Scan results should be stored for 24 hours, after which it should be deleted.
      6) For cost and performance optimization, if reuse of existing results is possible - it is preferred.

Technical Constraints:
   •   For POC purposes, LLM usage should be done locally using ollama using any model to your choosing (LM Studio is also possible). 
Please make sure connection to model provider and model details are parametrized to allow easy replacement for testing / future replacement.

The system should support the above functionality and work correctly.
Any further optimizations for performance, cost, scalability, security, user management, etc. are not part of assignment scope - but the implementation should be future-ready as possible to allow accommodating those later.

Everything should be running locally, with no usage of cloud assets at all. 

The project should be submitted through a GitHub repository. Repository should include a readme.md file explaining how to successfully execute the program.

Usage of AI for implementing is allowed and even recommended. 
The full conversation (prompts) are expected to be delivered as well.

Once ready, reply to this email and include the link to the repository (make sure sufficient permissions to it exist) and the prompts used.